laughs tonight but he came out
aggressive for those who said oh you
know just gonna be he moved more than
that in the final part of the fighting
doesn't mean you know he wasn't eating
come out early and being aggressive you
know it's a tactical at times he was
tactical and put a lot of times he's
right in the pocket sometimes he was
moving but overall to me was just I mean
the jab was there the right hand was
there the left hook to me he definitely
uh you look good out there you look very
very good I'm just going to go in order
gonna know the caller's now and we're
going to go on hooker just down the line
Darcy know from boxing socialist comm
check out our scene 01 boxing and wife
thirsty no matter where to take us the
co-feature give the main event
mayweather-canelo having to guard tip on
off big coming up okay a lot of people
finally get finished within 450 clown
what should be the JUCO featured
placement I thought the fire hose
believable today I just got back in the
house
the fights were hard believable I was so
sick of being right I don't know what to
do I think I was overdosing on the
incorrect but Mr oh my god oh ok what
you thinking god Laura still Garcia in
that you know in the others because if I
everyone yo this is what they should
call this by the section b comma 1 this
would be called the truth everybody all
these people got explode today who
supposedly it's closed and all the
clouds would pose if true box and
knowledge can in the plated head
mayweather vs canelo now going into this
place I put it on facebook twitter and
everything I said oh my god he never was
kind of small coming into the break and
Nick tehee 165 home I all know he
shoulda came in to leave 170 172 he
needed to be the tonello that he's
always did Ethan to trap a trap called
gameplay
he was so look they had sold game plans
and ideas and what they wanted him to do
but he was so convinced that he can
outbox fluid nigga anyway that was the
dumbest game plan I've ever seen in my
life one I don't care how much weight
you don't put on your body you're not
going to be faster this going neighbor
you're not going to let a would you
already got feet you need to come in and
be as strong as possible to be too no
come in your big self and well or his
body what ll Mayweather arms shoulders
anything you can you should have jumped
on him from the opening bell laid in a
rough fight for fully from the jump but
you're not going to oust like him you're
not going to outbox it didn't look next
thing you know the round the goings of
passion you're down for five rounds how
are you going to do and his corner was
going to sit here they auto spell fix so
awful valentine's star way around oh
yeah you think of the time to start with
it well you down Bob
you don't let in Floyd Mayweather get
comfortable if you let him get
comfortable he will take you apart
yes you apart and in the first part of
like he decided to change he made
adjustments why did a lot of justice in
the fight he came up to Canelo and that
he wanted to shop to them about coming
to impose and in the third 30 second he
was putting the pressure on Genoa like
to see how she would handle the pressure
but he keeps a boy didn't really get
rattled and that's what I liked about
Canelo and then he did stand his ground
and he was like I'm going to be physical
that's when i'll come for the low blow
the shoulder out my well he was rude for
this fight well when he found out which
boy had a little bit more snap on his
punches any gone by he had a lot of most
happening he wasn't going the way that
the Neville thought he was gonna go full
extent stood right in front of they will
prepare for Floyd to throw a counter
shot to try to rubble even left to life
whooping elephant pussy we can look to
advise they were prepared for that the
canceled when he pull it out like he
calling the first oil with a warmth with
a counter left to that you know all the
right but I never one minute adjustment
we've spotted from the outside he let
Canelo Lee
but boy would not give him the angles
one he was fighting Floyd left shoulder
all night he was biting his back and
left shoulder is woven Keller come over
the right come over his left he was
keeping Canelo moving and every time to
know every now and then we'll take a
deep breath going to make a lot of work
keep on moving feels fit a house minute
and a half of the route moving around
the ring Latin Canelo burner there's you
get set and it just going to be pink
floyd said a little fuss with him want
to get up and move again so could ever
happen get up and go reset again and
this is what i told people when we get
the video in the prediction that Floyd
was going to do to him the footboard
that's going to kill Camilla because
rival canola plants and think you ready
to party he's out of position of us is
not going to be there was not going to
be here so he's not going to throw a
punch and that's what that's what
happened tonight a lot of time he was
really active because he says he didn't
have a range cuz blowing was out of this
and we can catch it and was bored
already punch and hello welcome
and it's just rush through the
frustrating that you two never did the
best he could the winning way he had and
he just had the wrong game plan but even
was the right game plan dig wasn't going
to work this boy cause he couldn't could
cut the ring on it was just not enough
that is nice